Does anybody have any questions
about these methods thus far?
>> I have a question
about the object.assign.
>> Mm-hm.
>> Then, when we were doing this before,
you passed a tree arguments to it,
I think it was like an empty thing
then we pass the client and a payload.
And then, you just passed now the client,
and why did you do that?
And why was it different before?
>> So what you can do, so the question
is an object out of sign in one place.
I passed in more than one object,
or more than one parameter
to call I've set aside in one case it
was three parameters in another place.
In this case, I was two and
the reason being is that you can pass in,
I believe n, number of parameters and
adjust starts to attach
those from right to left.
And, so in some cases,
I don't want to update an entire object.
I just want to update
a property on an object.
In this case, I just want to essentially
create a new object in just clone this one
over but what I could have done is well is
I could have done this in this would have
been totally fine.
Is that you can pass in any number
of arguments where I've even had,
so what could happen is you
could have your full object.
And then, you could have a partial object
here and this is completely viable.
You could even have more than one I
believe, but that's where that came from.
Does that make sense?
So in this case,
I just wanna update the little thing.
So I'm just gonna say create new object,
move everything over.
But if I wanted to,
if I just had a partial object,
then I would basically merge
it all together right to left.
I got a great question.
Since I use these methods so
much do I ever extract them,
and the answer is absolutely.
In a lot of cases,
I will have just like a general
utility class that will
take just like an entity.
And I can just pass any collection
in any kind of entity in there,
and it will just do this for me.
And, so what you could do in theory,
if you want it to do a higher
level of abstraction,
is that you could do
something like add entity,
which would take in,
I'm freestyling here, a collection.
And an entity, and it would just return,
Since I'm here,
I might as well finish this.
UpdateEntity=.
I'm gonna do delete first,
because it's easier for some reason,
I just always want to come back and
do update last.
So for this one, it's collection.filter.
We're just presuming that,
we're comparing against ID.
I might update this, Accordingly,
and so from here, collection.map.
It's c.id equals entity.id.
And I'm gonna break this onto a separate
line just because it's getting a little
hard to read.
And we're going to
return object data sign.
Entity, Or
the existing thing in the collection.
I realized I probably should call this e,
e.
E, e, and e.
Actually, let me see if I can break
this in a way that ideally, there we go.
All right?
Here we go.
This is,
How I would obstruct this, and so I could
pass it in any collection, in an entity.
And as long as I needed to compare
against the ID, this should work.
>> When you do this abstraction,
don't you think that you're
reducing the readability?
>> Absolutely, because in order for
this to work across multiple entities,
I have to adopt a language that's
common for all of the entities.
And, so this is where
depending on what I'm doing is
that, I may or may not do this.
So I have abstracted this out,
but like, create a client,
is a lot more descriptive,
than what, add entity is.
Because now we're talking
in very generic terms.
And so, this is the trade-off.
And, so when we talk about
complexity is do we optimize or
continue to optimize, or where do we stop?
And the answer is, as long as it
continues to provide clarity and
value to your code then
continue to optimize.
But if you are creating abstraction, that
find and identify the interested parties,
and then put your abstraction at
the layer just above that, and no more.
Because what I've seen is that we've
got this low level problem here,
and you'll extract the solution
where it's three and four layers up.
And then, that that cognitive kind of leap
that you have to make where if you've ever
been in a project, and you're over
here working on this thing over here.
And then, all sudden you need
something related, but then you have
to jump all the way down here to some
other like live or whatever that is.
You're having to jump back and forth,
mentally, that is creating complexity.
And, so you can over abstract your code
in such a way where the mental burden
of having to jump back and forth is far
more than the advantage you get from,
having ultra fine grain code.
And, so it's really identify
where that return of value is and
then kind of where starts to diminish.
Then, reasonably and
logically, stop right there.
Ultimately is if you follow,
I think I said Kent Beck,
the other day but surely Kent Bloch
who is this juggernaut of
software engineering,
he made the statement, make it work.
<ake it right, make it fast, and
it's not the first time I've said this,
I say it quite a bit.
But ultimately,
we're pragmatist and somebody,
a lot of times will ask me like,
should I do this?
And my first question is, does it work?
Because if it doesn't work,
then let's just stop right there.
Like, let's get it working,
and then we can get it right.
And then, as we start to go into
production, then we can get it fast.
So that's a really,
really good observation and
I think you're starting to
see that that tension and
that balance of that of abstraction and
the cost of abstraction.
And start to realize that
like some things we can move,
other things is,
it's just not worth it initially.
And as well as if you adopt a principle
of refactoring through promotion is that
you can say,
I'm going to leave this here because,
at this scale, it's not a problem.
But as the application grows,
then I'm going to go ahead, and
then I'm going to extract it.
And that's the other thing is,
the beautiful thing about
code is you can refactor it.
And, so I think when you want to adopt
a policy that you can safely refactor your
code, then you can say I don't have
a strong feeling about this now.
Is I have more information,
then I may change it, and
there's just things where it's like,
I don't have an opinion about this.
It feels right, or it doesn't or does it
feel wrong, so I'm going to leave it.